## [AI Pioneer Shows The Power of AI AGENTS - "The Future Is Agentic"](https://youtu.be/ZYf9V2fSFwU)
Release date : 29/03/24
### Idea
- Andrew NG says agent based 3.5 is power ful than gpt4 normal
- I.e. agent based llms can be more powerful
- Various ways to make agentic llms

### Details
- Right now the way to use LLM is 0 shot hwere a question is asked and the llm answer
    - Q-> A
    - Direct to the final answer
    - No rewrites or drafts or corrections
- Agentic way 
    - Do you need any web research?
    - Write a first draft.
    - Consider what parts need revision or more research.
    - Revise the draft
- Iteration makes normal llms agentic, which is the reason behind thier boost in performance
- Like a crew, agents llms can be assigned roles randomly and then chinaed up to act upon each other input to enhance it
- Techniques:
    - Inventor
    - APNL
    - Language Agent Tree search
    - LDB+Reflexion
    - CodeT
    - MetaGPT
    - ANPL
    - AgentCoder
- Agentic Reasoning Design Patterns
    1. Reflection : tel llm to reflect on its o/p and find ways to improve it 
        * Self-Refine: Iterative Refinement with Self-Feedback, Madaan et al. (2023)
        * Reflexion: Language Agents with Verbal Reinforcement Learning, Shinn et al., (2023)
    2. Tool use : to use internet, or other tools like scraping or math libraries
        - Analysis :   Code Execution,  Wolfram Alpha , Bearly Code Interpreter
        - Research :  Search engine,  Web browsing,  Wikipedia
        - Productivity :  Email, Calendar, Cloud Storage
        - Recommended reading:
            * Gorilla: Large Language Model Connected with Massive APIs, Patil et al. (2023)
            * MM-REACT: Prompting ChatGPT for Multimodal Reasoning and Action, Yang et al. (2023)
    3. Planning : slow, plan steps, explain reasoning
        - Request : Please generate an image where a girl is reading a book, and her pose is the same as the boy in the image example. jpg, then please describe the new image with your voice.
        - Chain-of-Thought Prompting Elicits Reasoning in Large Language Models, Wei et al., (2022)
        - HuggingGPT: Solving Al Tasks with ChatGPT and its Friends in Hugging Face, Shen et al. (2023)
        - Research agent
        - Finicky
    4. Multi-agent collaboration : autogen, crewai
        - role asinign, mutile agents to critisize, review and improve
        - CHatDev
        - Communicative Agents for Software Development, Qian et al., (2023)
        - AutoGen: Enabling Next-Gen LLM Applications via Multi-Agent Conversation, Wu et al. (2023)
        - Agents based on different LLM or fine tuned models will perform betetr
- We have to get used to delegating tasks to Al agents and patiently wait for a response.
- Fast token generation is important. Generating more tokens even from a lower quality LLM can give good Results.

### Resource
- 

### misc
 
---
## [Designing ML Infra for ML & LLM Use Cases 221](https://youtu.be/KbSu6DqzzEk)
Release date : 29/03/24
### Idea

### Details
#### New Challenges in MLOps
- automating CI/CD
- absolute ci/cd (very hard to attain)
#### ML Workflow Maturity Levels
#### Dev & Deploy Process Overview
- analysis data
- Orchestration experiment
    - eda, preparation, traning, evalutation , validation
- package into source code
    - the whloe pipeline
    - like docker
- Versioning it
- Deployments
#### Maturity Metrics and Progress
- speed to deployment
- bring stdization
    - streamline
    - std libraries in training
    - dataset quality
- seamless deplyment
- automation in retraining
#### Automated ML Comparison: Semi vs. Fully
- Model change is seamless
- continuous monitoring
- Automation of retraining in pipeline before the mode degrades
    - trigger from data drift
- Automation of monitoring and related action is the aim
#### LLMs vs Traditional ML
- unlike ml this has only 2 levels right now
- level 0 is data to llm FT once
- level 1 is automating getting data and retrinign 
- GPU cost snowballs
- Metrics are not clear as accuracy
#### Design MLOps for Usability
- Identify stakeholders and make from their perspective
    - understand thier pain points
#### Metrics Impact Assessment
#### Spark Learning Risks Analysis
#### MLOps User Journeys
- maturity or necessity of Data scientist
- data engineer, data scientist, cicd (devops) perspective
    - One must look into what the next is doing
#### ML Product Manager Transition & Constraints
- data vs code versioinig
#### AI Engineer Transition Guide 
- scalability of pipeline with load balancer
- seasonality
- drift in data
- bias in model
- outliers in data
- serving the model as per business
- compliance and privacy based on geography
    - api of 3rd party llms or tools needs to be looked into
#### Data Compliance Challenge
- legal and security team with architects are reuqired before even starting


- monitoring and eval tools maturity
    - frequency
    - automation of KPI monitoring
    - depedns on cloud platform

### Resource
- 

### misc
 
---
